chore (refs T34967): Add DpVideoPlayer to Storybook. (#590)
demos-europe/demosplan-ui: src/components/core/DpVideoPlayer.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import DpVideoPlayer from './DpVideoPlayer'

<Meta
    title="Components/VideoPlayer"
    component={DpVideoPlayer}
/>

# VideoPlayer

> The VideoPlayer component used to add Video Playback and can include various features and functionalities, such as:
> 
> `Video Playback, Controls, Full-Screen Mode and more...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VideoPlayer component is used to add Video content. It includes controls for play/pause, sound volume, playback speed, a download link, and a fullscreen view.
```

## Default usage

```html
<dp-video-player

>     :sources="[ { src: 'pathUrl', type: 'videoType' } ]"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :sources="[ { src: 'pathUrl', type: 'mimeType' } ]"
```
